docs/guide/project-structure.md, before:

# Project Structure

A typical Scrust project has a simple and intuitive structure.

## File Layout

When you run `scrust create my_project`, it generates the following structure:

```
my_project/
├── assets/             # Store your images and sounds here
│   ├── sprite.svg
│   └── stage.svg
├── src/                # Your source code lives here
│   ├── stage.sr        # Code for the Stage
│   └── sprite.sr       # Code for your Sprite
├── dist/               # Compiled output (created after build)
│   └── project.sb3
└── scrust.toml         # Project configuration file
```

## scrust.toml

The configuration file `scrust.toml` defines your project's metadata and maps source files to Scratch targets (Stage and Sprites).

```toml
[project]
name = "my_project"
output = "dist/project.sb3"

[stage]
path = "src/stage.sr"

[[sprite]]
name = "Player"
path = "src/sprite.sr"

[[sprite]]
name = "Enemy"
path = "src/enemy.sr"
```

- **[project]**: General settings like project name and output path.
  - `name`: The name of the project. This determines the output filename (e.g., `my_project.sb3`).
  - `output`: The output directory or path. If a file extension is provided, the parent directory is used.
  - `extensions`: Extensions to enable. This can be a list of IDs (e.g., `["pen", "music"]`) or a detailed list of tables for custom extensions. See [Extensions](./extensions.md) for details.
- **[stage]**: Defines the source file for the Stage (Backdrop).
- **[[sprite]]**: Defines a sprite. You can have multiple `[[sprite]]` sections.

## Source Files (`.sr`)

Source files contain your Scrust code.

- **stage.sr**: Usually contains global variables, backdrop definitions, and global broadcast handling.
- **sprite.sr**: Contains code specific to a sprite (movement, looks, local variables).

## Assets

The `assets/` directory is the recommended place for SVGs, PNGs, and WAV/MP3 files. You reference these in your code using the `costume` and `sound` declarations.

```rust
costume "idle" "assets/idle.svg";
sound "pop" "assets/pop.wav";
```

Commit message:

v0.2.0 alpha release
Testing around package systems that allow libs to be used across multiple sprites. THIS FEATURE MAY CHANGE IN THE FUTURE AND MAY BE UNSTABLE DUE TO LACK OF TESTING

docs/guide/project-structure.md, after:

# Project Structure

A typical Scrust project has a simple and intuitive structure.

## File Layout

When you run `scrust create my_project`, it generates the following structure:

```
my_project/
├── assets/             # Store your images and sounds here
│   ├── sprite.svg
│   └── stage.svg
├── src/                # Your source code lives here
│   ├── stage.sr        # Code for the Stage
│   └── sprite.sr       # Code for your Sprite
├── dist/               # Compiled output (created after build)
│   └── project.sb3
└── scrust.toml         # Project configuration file
```

## scrust.toml

The configuration file `scrust.toml` defines your project's metadata and maps source files to Scratch targets (Stage and Sprites).

```toml
[project]
name = "my_project"
output = "dist/project.sb3"

[stage]
path = "src/stage.sr"

[[sprite]]
name = "Player"
path = "src/sprite.sr"

[[sprite]]
name = "Enemy"
path = "src/enemy.sr"
```

- **[project]**: General settings like project name and output path.
  - `name`: The name of the project. This determines the output filename (e.g., `my_project.sb3`).
  - `output`: The output directory or path. If a file extension is provided, the parent directory is used.
  - `extensions`: Extensions to enable. This can be a list of IDs (e.g., `["pen", "music"]`) or a detailed list of tables for custom extensions. See [Extensions](./extensions.md) for details.
  - `packages`: A list of paths to package files (`.sr`) to include in the project. See [Packages](./syntax/packages.md) for details.
- **[stage]**: Defines the source file for the Stage (Backdrop).
- **[[sprite]]**: Defines a sprite. You can have multiple `[[sprite]]` sections.

## Source Files (`.sr`)

Source files contain your Scrust code.

- **stage.sr**: Usually contains global variables, backdrop definitions, and global broadcast handling.
- **sprite.sr**: Contains code specific to a sprite (movement, looks, local variables).

## Assets

The `assets/` directory is the recommended place for SVGs, PNGs, and WAV/MP3 files. You reference these in your code using the `costume` and `sound` declarations.

```rust
costume "idle" "assets/idle.svg";
sound "pop" "assets/pop.wav";
```
